Modified dates (#464)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/using-the-api/optimizing-api-calls.md

:::

> Making as few calls to Codat as possible allows you to reduce your costs and your system's computational times, and decreases internet traffic between you and Codat. It also allows you to process less data and access that data faster, delivering reduced waiting time and an improved user experience

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Making as few calls to Codat as possible allows you to reduce your costs and your system's computational times, and decreases internet traffic between you and Codat. It also allows you to process less data and access that data faster, delivering reduced waiting time and an improved experience for your users.
```

## Querying by the record date

You can query data by using the `modifiedDate`. This is the date the records have been updated in Codat's database. This gives you only new or updated data since your last API call. 

You can also order the results by `modifiedDate`. This allows you to page through the relevant data from newest to oldest and effectively acts as an index. 

:::info Modified dates

In addition to `modifiedDate`, Codat also stores `sourceModifiedDate`, which indicates the date a record was changed in the source platform. Not all platforms support `sourceModifiedDate`. Refer to [Using modified dates](/using-the-api/modified-dates) for more information.

:::

If you also store the last queried date per company and per data type, you are able to call our API the minimum number of times to return only new or changed data.

When a user links for the first time, there may be a need to pull all data, for all time. Make sure this is truly required, and if so, perform this pull only once. Afterwards, only query and access data since the last pull. 

#### Pagination

> We also recommend using a page size of 100 to return the results faster. This is especially relevant when a user is waiting for a UI to load. The maximum page size is 5000, which reduces the number of calls you make to our APIs, but provides you with a slower result.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also recommend using a page size of 100 to return the results faster. This is especially relevant when a user is waiting for a UI to load. The maximum page size is 5000 results, which means fewer API calls but much slower responses.
```
